>> Will Sentance: We're gonna do some
pair programming to start cementing your
understanding of these, before we dive
into what looks very short, wait for it.
[LAUGH] That's the rest of our code, but
it will take us a real chunk of time.
So let's do some pair programming,
we're gonna cement some of
the concepts you've seen here.
There's two options where you compare.
Either go to csx.codesmith.io
where there's a unit,
object-oriented programming.
I think it's the same challenges, but
these are quite nice because you can write
the code, press Check my Answer, and
it would run a bunch of tests to
see whether your code's working.
That whether you have
completed the challenge.
Alternatively, no longer needed, csbin.io.
Same challenge as scbin.io/oop.
You go straight to it, no log in needed,
and those are the same challenges, but
you have to figure out whether
they're working using console logs.
Is it returning the expected value?
Okay folks, go to these two.
I'm gonna pair all of you up.
We're doing pair
programming here in person,
that is the great privilege
of being here in person.
And we're gonna look at
a series of things you,
serious, not a work to say
when you have a phone around.
And we're gonna look at a series,
[SOUND] a series of know okay,
this is gonna happen again and again.
We're gonna look at a set of challenges,
a set of things you may or may not know,
have a look at these,
evaluate for yourself.
Do I know all of these, well then
give yourself a score of one, two,
three, four, five, six,
seven, eight, nine.
If you only know two of these things,
maybe you've only added a CSS style before
or you've only handled
collisions in a hash table but
not anything else, fascinating person,
then you have a score of two.
So give yourself a tally for
these things as a sort of self-assessment
of your knowledge, and then we're gonna
pair you up by your relative experience.
Okay, give yourself a tally,
stand up, forgive me, people.
Stand up, grab your machines,
I'm gonna line you up along here.
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine,
and I'm gonna pair you off
by your relative experience.
Forgive me for this controlling approach.
And our online audience, you can just
jump straight to the challenges.
If you do wanna pair up,
>> Will Sentance: Actually if you
don't wanna pair up people online,
here is how you do it.
If you run csbin, you do it like this.
You go to csbin.io/oop/ I believe,
some string, whatever you want.
Let's call it, I don't know,
Will and Mark.
Now if we both go to that URL, online
people, then we will be able to share and
live code through these
challenges together.
So if online folk who wanna
meet in the chat room and
pair up, make yourself a link and then
pair up, you can certainly do so as well.
But for our in person folk,
we're gonna do it right here.